However, the great spirit of our country, the Haku-kyo-yu,
is not only in the Indian and Pacific regions,
but also in the whole world in the future.
In order to achieve this great goal,
we must completely destroy the military forces of the US and the English,
which were the source of the past of the Towa period,
and the traditions, customs, and customs of the Towa period,
and the happiness of the common people,
which we have been doing for many years.
We must bring about the revival of the great Asian spirit
by creating a system of all-embracing and all-embracing.
We must help the defense and development of Asia.
We have been intending to do so.
By eliminating the Jukei regime,
we must not only bring about peace and stability
for the Chinese people,
but also to help solve the problems of the Towa period
and the Japanese people.
In the South, as the Prime Minister has already stated,
the Towa period is a time of respect for the history and traditions of the common people,
and we must rebuild the system of the new political economy
for the prosperity of the people,
the nation, and the nation.
The new political system that will lead Japan,
the new political system that will lead Japan,
will be the new political system
that will lead Japan to the full